tl;dr

1) Copy ssh-key onto server node (to see what "server" means, refer below)
2) Create hostnames_raw.txt w/in script. It should list all IPs separated by
newlines, excluding server node's IP
3) Not strictly necessary but likely necessary. Run script/keyscanNodes.sh until
the server node is able to keyscan all the nodes in the system.
4) Run script/setup.sh SERVER_IP, where SERVER_IP is the private (i.e. not
floating) IP of the server node. 


The entire setup is contained within the setup.sh script. This script handles
copying the proper files to all nodes, ensuring dependencies are met, and that
each node has the most up to date version of the source code. There are really
only a few things that must be done manually.

Typically, if I intend to run Penelope on N nodes, I will reserver N+1 (in order
to evaluate SLURM) and attach the floating IP (chameleon terminology) to that
node. For the rest of this document, I'll refer to this node as the "server"
node. Penelope will not utilize this node, but slurm will. 

The first thing to do is copy the ssh key onto the server node (copying to the
rest of the cluster is handled by scripts). I organized it so that each node,
when launched, is accessible via this ssh key, and this ssh key also enables
access to the git repo for penelope, ensuring that only one (1) ssh key is 
necessary for a node to access everything it needs to. 

After copying the ssh key, you should pull the git repo on the server node,
adding it to your known hosts when prompted. Next you need to make a file called
"hostnames_raw.txt" in the script subdirectory within the penelope repo. This
file should have a list of IP addresses for all the nodes in the system
(excluding the server node), separated by newlines. The setup script will divide
these into frontend and backend sets, with each set responsible for running an
application. 

Then all you (should) need to do is run setup.sh and provide as a commandline
argument the server nodes private IP. This means not floating, but the internal
chameleon IP (usually starting with 10 rather than 192 in chameleon's case
specifically).

In practice what you should do is run script/keyscanNodes.sh until that script
is able to keyscan all the nodes on the list. You might get errors like node
unreachable. This is usually due to connections not being warmed up yet on
chameleon. Run this script a few times until it runs totally cleanly, then
launch setup.sh.

Additional Notes/Tips:

I have gained some wisdom doing this. Perhaps I can help others.

a) I never liked adding executables, the hostname files, or data files to the
repo. Be careful when running git add ., since you'll add them. It's annoying

b) There is a clean.sh script, that will, by design, absolutely nuke any running
process on any node. As a result, I don't call it from scripts intended to run
applications. But, if something goes wrong, that's your big red button.
